Ham and Swiss Stromboli
 
Serves: 8
Ingredients
1 tube (11 ounces) refrigerated crusty French loaf
6 ounces thinly sliced deli ham
3 green onions, sliced
8 bacon strips, cooked and crumbled
1-1/2 cups (6 ounces) shredded Swiss cheese (see note)
Order Ingredients
Instructions

Preheat oven to 350°. Unroll dough into a rectangle on a greased baking sheet. Place ham over dough to within ½ inches of edges of the dough; sprinkle evenly with onions, bacon and cheese. Roll up jelly-roll style, starting with a long side. Pinch seam to seal and tuck ends under. Place seam side down on baking sheet.
With a sharp knife, cut several ¼-in.-deep slits on top of loaf. Bake 20-30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool slightly before slicing. Serve warm.

Read more at http://www.the-girl-who-ate-everything.com/2016/03/ham-and-swiss-stromboli.html#3GIYXkvwk2Vhl01A.99



Cheesy Scalloped Potatoes with Ham

Thinly sliced potatoes and diced ham smothered in a creamy, super cheesy sauce and baked to perfection!
Author: Liz Fourez
Recipe type: Main
Serves: 8
Ingredients
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup diced onion
2 garlic cloves, minced
⅓ cup all-purpose flour
3 cups milk (I used 2%)
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon pepper
2 cups sharp cheddar cheese, shredded
2 pounds russet potatoes, washed and very thinly sliced
1 pound diced ham (about 4 cups)
fresh parsley, for garnish

Instructions
Preheat oven to 350ºF and coat a 3 quart baking dish in nonstick cooking spray. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 4 minutes. Add garlic and cook for another 1-2 minutes until garlic is fragrant and onions are tender. Sprinkle in flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Whisk in milk and cook until sauce is thickened and bubbly, about 4-5 minutes. Add salt, pepper, and cheese and stir until cheese is melted. Remove sauce from heat.
Place half the sliced potatoes in bottom of prepared baking dish. Top with half the ham, then pour on half the sauce. Repeat layers and cover dish tightly with foil. Bake covered for 45 minutes, then remove foil and bake for another 20-30 minutes until potatoes are tender and top is golden and bubbly. Let cool 10-15 minutes before serving. Garnish with fresh chopped parsley, if desired.
Notes
- Using a mandolin to slice the potatoes is the easiest way to get super thin, even slices, but a sharp knife will also work. If your potatoes are sliced thicker, you may need to adjust the cooking time a few minutes.
- The potatoes will turn brown quickly while you're slicing them, so drop them in a bowl of cold water once they're sliced and drain when you're ready to assemble the dish.
